doc/Settings_and_Group_Policy.adoc, before:

== Settings and Group Policy
The YubiKey PIV Manager provides various settings which can be used to customize its behavior.
Some of these can be changed in the *Settings* dialog from within the tool.
Each of these can be enforced using a Group Policy on Windows, which prevents the user from changing them.
To do so you will need to set certain registry keys.
This can be used to simplify the tool by limiting it to a subset of its functionality, and to enforce company policy on usage.

=== User settings
User settings are stored in a file named pivman.ini, located in the .pivman subdirectory of the users come directory. For example:

....
/home/username/.pivman/pivman.ini
....

on Linux, or:

....
c:\Users\username\.pivman\pivman.ini
....

on Windows.

Some of these values are changed by normal use of the YubiKey PIV Manager by performing actions in the tool.
Others are only available by manually editing the configuration file.

=== Group Policy settings
All user settings are available on Group Policy level, and take precedence over those on user level.
On Windows these settings are stored as registry keys, under either:

....
Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Yubico\YubiKey PIV Manager
....

or:

....
Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Yubico\YubiKey PIV Manager
....

=== Available settings

==== Algorithm
Which algorithm to use for key pair generation.

key:: algorithm
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
valid options:: "RSA1024", "RSA2048", "ECC256"
default value:: "RSA2048"

==== Card Reader
String to match against when looking for compatible YubiKey devices.

key:: card_reader
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: None

==== Certreq Template
Value to use in CertificateTemplate parameter when calling certreq.exe.

key:: certreq_template
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: None

==== Complex PIN/PUKs
True to require complex PINs and PUKs.

key:: complex_pins
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "false"

==== Enable Import
When False, hide the "import from file..." button for certificates.

key:: enable_import
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "true"

==== PIN as Management Key
When true, the Management Key is based off of the PIN.

key:: pin_as_key
type:: bool
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "false"

==== PIN Expiration
When non-zero causes a timestamp to be written when the PIN is changed, and to force a PIN change after the specified number of days.

key:: pin_expiration
type:: int
registry key type:: REG_DWORD
default value:: 0

==== Displayed Output Formats
Output formats available when generating a key.

key:: shown_outs
type:: list of strings
registry key type:: REG_MULTI_SZ
valid options:: "pk", "ssc", "csr", "ca"
default value:: ["ssc", "csr", "ca"]

==== Displayed Certificate Slots
A list of which certificate slots to show in the UI.

key:: shown_slots
type:: list of strings
registry key type:: REG_MULTI_SZ
valid options:: "9a", "9c", "9d", "9e"
default value:: ["9a", "9c", "9d", "9e"]
 
==== Subject DN
Subject to use when generating a CSR or self-signed certificate.

key:: subject
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "/CN=%USERNAME%"

Commit message:

Added documentation for touch policy setting.

doc/Settings_and_Group_Policy.adoc, after:

== Settings and Group Policy
The YubiKey PIV Manager provides various settings which can be used to customize its behavior.
Some of these can be changed in the *Settings* dialog from within the tool.
Each of these can be enforced using a Group Policy on Windows, which prevents the user from changing them.
To do so you will need to set certain registry keys.
This can be used to simplify the tool by limiting it to a subset of its functionality, and to enforce company policy on usage.

=== User settings
User settings are stored in a file named pivman.ini, located in the .pivman subdirectory of the users come directory. For example:

....
/home/username/.pivman/pivman.ini
....

on Linux, or:

....
c:\Users\username\.pivman\pivman.ini
....

on Windows.

Some of these values are changed by normal use of the YubiKey PIV Manager by performing actions in the tool.
Others are only available by manually editing the configuration file.

=== Group Policy settings
All user settings are available on Group Policy level, and take precedence over those on user level.
On Windows these settings are stored as registry keys, under either:

....
Computer\HKEY_CURRENT_USER\Software\Yubico\YubiKey PIV Manager
....

or:

....
Computer\HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE\Software\Yubico\YubiKey PIV Manager
....

=== Available settings

==== Algorithm
Which algorithm to use for key pair generation.

key:: algorithm
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
valid options:: "RSA1024", "RSA2048", "ECC256", "ECC384"
default value:: "RSA2048"

==== Card Reader
String to match against when looking for compatible YubiKey devices.

key:: card_reader
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: None

==== Certreq Template
Value to use in CertificateTemplate parameter when calling certreq.exe.

key:: certreq_template
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: None

==== Complex PIN/PUKs
True to require complex PINs and PUKs.

key:: complex_pins
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "false"

==== Enable Import
When False, hide the "import from file..." button for certificates.

key:: enable_import
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "true"

==== PIN as Management Key
When true, the Management Key is based off of the PIN.

key:: pin_as_key
type:: bool
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "false"

==== PIN Expiration
When non-zero causes a timestamp to be written when the PIN is changed, and to force a PIN change after the specified number of days.

key:: pin_expiration
type:: int
registry key type:: REG_DWORD
default value:: 0

==== Displayed Output Formats
Output formats available when generating a key.

key:: shown_outs
type:: list of strings
registry key type:: REG_MULTI_SZ
valid options:: "pk", "ssc", "csr", "ca"
default value:: ["ssc", "csr", "ca"]

==== Displayed Certificate Slots
A list of which certificate slots to show in the UI.

key:: shown_slots
type:: list of strings
registry key type:: REG_MULTI_SZ
valid options:: "9a", "9c", "9d", "9e"
default value:: ["9a", "9c", "9d", "9e"]
 
==== Subject DN
Subject to use when generating a CSR or self-signed certificate.

key:: subject
type:: string
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "/CN=%USERNAME%"

==== Touch Policy
When enabled, the YubiKey will require its button to be touched to perform any
action with the private key of a slot.

key:: touch_policy
type:: bool
registry key type:: REG_SZ
default value:: "false"
